# Plot Difference or Relative Difference in Pearson's r for Multiple Data Frames

Plot a object generated by
[biv_compare](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/biv_compare.md)
function as a heatmap.

## Usage

``` r
heatmap_biv_compare(
  biv_data_object,
  value = "AAB",
  summet_transparance = 0,
  summetric = TRUE,
  summet_size = 4.5,
  ndigits_summet = 3,
  upper_limit = NULL,
  lower_limit = NULL,
  corr_size = 3,
  ndigits_number = 2,
  varlabels = NULL,
  plots_label = NULL,
  grid = "white",
  colors = c("#8ECCEE", "#1F45F9"),
  number_color = "white",
  ncol_facet = 3,
  legend_title = NULL,
  interest_breaks = NULL,
  interest_labels = NULL,
  plot_title = NULL
)
```

## Arguments

- biv_data_object:

  A object generated by the
  [biv_compare](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/biv_compare.md)
  function.

- value:

  A character string which is either `"AAB"` or `"AARB"`. AAB means that
  the Absolute Difference in Pearson's r estimates between dfs and the
  benchmarks should be displayed in the tiles by number and color. AARB
  means that the Absolute Relative Difference should be displayed
  instead.

- summet_transparance:

  A number to determine the transparency of the displayed `summetric`.

- summetric:

  If `TRUE` Average Absolute Difference (AAB) and the Average Absolute
  Relative Difference (AARB) of Pearson's r values between the `dfs` and
  the `benchmarks` is displayed in the plot.

- summet_size:

  A number to determine the size of the displayed `summetric` in the
  plot.

- ndigits_summet:

  The maximum number of digits for numbers displayed in the summertic of
  the plot.

- upper_limit, lower_limit:

  A numeric value, indicating the highest or lowest value that should be
  displayed in the tiles by number and color. This does not affect the
  `summetric`. However, it can be used to keep differences between
  values visible in the heatmap, even in the presence of strong ouliers.

- corr_size:

  The font size of correlation numbers displayed in the tiles of the
  heatmap.

- ndigits_number:

  The maximum digits of numbers displyed in the tiles of the heatmap.

- varlabels:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  labels of variables that are used in the plot.

- plots_label:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  labels of the data frames that are used in the plot.

- grid:

  A character string, that determines the color of the lines between the
  tiles of the heatmap.

- colors:

  A vector of two colors used in the heatmap.

- number_color:

  A character string indicating the color of the numbers, displayed in
  the tiles.

- ncol_facet:

  Number of columns used in faced_wrap() for the plots.

- legend_title:

  A character string indicating the title of the legend of the plot.

- interest_breaks:

  A numeric vector indicating the breaks for the color scheme displayed
  in the legend of the heatmap.

- interest_labels:

  A character vector indicating the labels for the breaks displayed in
  the legend of the heatmap.

- plot_title:

  A character string containing the title of the plot.

## Value

A object generated with the help of
[`ggplot2::ggplot2()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot2-package.html),
used to visualize a heatmap of the bivariate differences between the
data frames and benchmarks.

## Details

The plot shows a heatmap of a correlation matrix, where the colors are
determined by the Absolue Difference or the Absolute Relative Difference
in Pearson's r estimates between the data frames and the benchmarks.

## Examples

``` r
## Get Data for comparison

data("card")

north <- card[card$south==0,]
white <- card[card$black==0,]

## use the function to plot the data 
bivar_data<-sampcompR::biv_compare(dfs = c("north","white"),
                                   benchmarks = c("card","card"),
                                   variables= c("age","educ","fatheduc","motheduc","wage","IQ"),
                                   data=TRUE)
#> Error in get(dfs[i]): object 'north' not found

Absolute_Bias_Plot<-sampcompR::heatmap_biv_compare(bivar_data,value = "AAB")
#> Error: object 'bivar_data' not found
Absolute_Bias_Plot
#> Error: object 'Absolute_Bias_Plot' not found

Absolute_Relative_Bias_Plot<-sampcompR::heatmap_biv_compare(bivar_data,value = "AARB")
#> Error: object 'bivar_data' not found
Absolute_Relative_Bias_Plot
#> Error: object 'Absolute_Relative_Bias_Plot' not found

```
