# plot univar data

`plot_uni_compare` This uses ggplot2 to generate a plot based on an
object generated by the
[`uni_compare`](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/uni_compare.md)
function.

## Usage

``` r
plot_uni_compare(
  uni_compare_objects,
  name_dfs = NULL,
  name_benchmarks = NULL,
  summetric = NULL,
  colors = NULL,
  shapes = NULL,
  legendlabels = NULL,
  legendtitle = NULL,
  label_x = NULL,
  label_y = NULL,
  summet_size = NULL,
  summet_position = "top_right",
  point_size = NULL,
  errorbar_size = NULL,
  plot_title = NULL,
  conf_adjustment = FALSE,
  varlabels = NULL,
  ndigits = 3
)
```

## Arguments

- uni_compare_objects:

  A object generated by the
  [`uni_compare`](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/uni_compare.md)
  function.

- name_dfs, name_benchmarks:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  names of the data frames and the benchmarks, that are used in the
  plot.

- summetric:

  If `"avg1"`,`"avg2"`, `"mse1"`,`"mse2"`, `"rmse1"`,`"rmse2"`, or `"R"`
  the respective measure is calculated for the biases of each survey.
  The values `"avg1"`, `"mse1"` and `"rmse1"` lead to similar results as
  in `"avg2"`, `"mse2"` and `"rmse2"`, with slightly different
  visualization in the plot. If `summetric = "none"`, no `summetric`
  will be displayed in the plot, and if `summetric = NULL` the
  `summetric` specified in the uni_compare_object is used.

- colors:

  A vector of colors that is used in the plot for the different
  comparisons. The color has to be specified separately for every
  comparison, with one value of the vector.

- shapes:

  A vector of shapes applicable in
  [`ggplot2::ggplot2()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot2-package.html)
  that is used in the plot for the different comparisons. The shapes has
  to be specified separately for every comparison, with one value of the
  vector.

- legendlabels:

  A character string or vector of strings containing a label for the
  legend.

- legendtitle:

  A character string containing the title of the legend.

- label_x, label_y:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing a label
  for the x-axis and y-axis.

- summet_size:

  A number to determine the size of the displayed `summetric` in the
  plot.

- summet_position:

  A character string, to choose the position of `summetric`. Can either
  be "top_right"(default), "bottom_right", "bottom_left", or "top_left".

- point_size:

  Either NULL or a number indicating the size of the dots in the plot.
  If Null by default the size is specified by ggplot.

- errorbar_size:

  Either NULL or a number indicating the size of the errorbars in the
  plot. If Null by default the size is specified by ggplot.

- plot_title:

  A character string containing the title of the plot.

- conf_adjustment:

  If `conf_adjustment = TRUE` the confidence level of the confidence
  interval will be adjusted with a Bonferroni adjustment, to account for
  the problem of multiple comparisons.

- varlabels:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  names of the variables, also used in plot.

- ndigits:

  The number of digits to round the numbers in the plot.

## Value

Plot of a
[`uni_compare`](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/uni_compare.md)
object using
[`ggplot2::ggplot2()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot2-package.html)
which shows the difference between two or more data frames.

## Examples

``` r
## Get Data for comparison

data("card")

south <- card[card$south==1,]
north <- card[card$south==0,]
black <- card[card$black==1,]
white <- card[card$black==0,]

## use the function to plot the data 
univar_data<-sampcompR::uni_compare(dfs = c("north","white"),
                                    benchmarks = c("south","black"),
                                    variables= c("age","educ","fatheduc","motheduc","wage","IQ"),
                                    funct = "abs_rel_mean",
                                    nboots=0,
                                    summetric="rmse2",
                                    data=TRUE)
#> Error in get(dfs[i]): object 'north' not found

sampcompR::plot_uni_compare(univar_data)
#> Error: object 'univar_data' not found
```
