# Plot Comparison of Multiple Data Frames on a Bivariate Level

Plot a object generated by
[biv_compare](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/biv_compare.md)
function.

## Usage

``` r
plot_biv_compare(
  biv_data_object,
  plot_title = NULL,
  plots_label = NULL,
  p_value = NULL,
  varlabels = NULL,
  mar = c(0, 0, 0, 0),
  note = FALSE,
  grid = "white",
  diff_perc = TRUE,
  diff_perc_size = 4.5,
  perc_diff_transparance = 0,
  gradient = FALSE,
  sum_weights = NULL,
  missings_x = TRUE,
  order = NULL,
  breaks = NULL,
  colors = NULL,
  ncol_facet = 3
)
```

## Arguments

- biv_data_object:

  A object generated by the
  [biv_compare](https://bjoernrohr.github.io/sampcompR/reference/biv_compare.md)
  function.

- plot_title:

  A character string containing the title of the plot.

- plots_label:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  labels of the data frames that are used in the plot.

- p_value:

  A number between 0 and one to determine the maximum significance
  niveau.

- varlabels:

  A character string or vector of character strings containing the new
  labels of variables that are used in the plot.

- mar:

  A vector that determines the margins of the plot.

- note:

  If `note = TRUE`, a note will be displayed to describe the plot.

- grid:

  A character string, that determines the color of the lines between the
  tiles of the heatmap.

- diff_perc:

  If `TRUE` a percental measure of difference between `dfs` and
  `benchmarks` is displayed in the plot.

- diff_perc_size:

  A number to determine the size of the displayed percental difference
  between surveys in the plot.

- perc_diff_transparance:

  A number to determine the transparency of the displayed
  percental-difference between surveys in the plot.

- gradient:

  If gradient = TRUE, colors in the heatmap will be more or less
  transparent, depending on the difference in Pearson's r of the data
  frames of comparison.

- sum_weights:

  A vector containing information for every variable to weigh them in
  the displayed percental difference calculation. It can be used if some
  variables are over- or underrepresented in the analysis.

- missings_x:

  If TRUE, missing pairs in the plot will be marked with an X.

- order:

  A character vector to determine in which order the variables should be
  displayed in the plot.

- breaks:

  A vector to label the color scheme in the legend.

- colors:

  A vector to determine the colors in the plot.

- ncol_facet:

  Number of columns used in faced_wrap() for the plots.

## Value

A object generated with the help of
[`ggplot2::ggplot2()`](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/ggplot2-package.html),
used to visualize the differences between the data frames and
benchmarks.

## Details

The plot shows a heatmap of a correlation matrix, where the colors are
determined by the similarity of the Pearson's r value in both sets of
respondents. Leaving default breaks and colors,

- `Same` (green) indicates, that the Pearson's r correlation is not
  significant \> 0 in the related data frame or benchmark or the
  Pearson's r correlations are not significant different, between data
  frame and benchmark.

- `Small Diff` (yellow) indicates that the Pearson's r correlation is
  significant \> 0 in the related data frame or benchmark and the
  Pearson's r correlations are significant different, between data frame
  and benchmark.

- `Large Diff` (red) indicates, that the same coditions of yellow are
  fulfilled, and the correlations are either in opposite directions,or
  one is double the size of the other.

## Examples

``` r
## Get Data for comparison

data("card")

north <- card[card$south==0,]
white <- card[card$black==0,]

## use the function to plot the data 
bivar_data<-sampcompR::biv_compare(dfs = c("north","white"),
                                   benchmarks = c("card","card"),
                                   variables= c("age","educ","fatheduc","motheduc","wage","IQ"),
                                   data=TRUE)
#> Error in get(dfs[i]): object 'north' not found
                        
sampcompR::plot_biv_compare(bivar_data)
#> Error: object 'bivar_data' not found

```
